w audible teaching a while
pluck your wings you think you fly do
this shit all day on I don't need a weed
a mess with this girl or a sonam but of
course she talks so asinine under my
mother molasses lotta every bi fucking
fuck - it don't stop me dog got be from
Kobayashi dog the rap game Kamehameha
I'm screaming motherfucker brah I'm not
the shit that I'm amount of poo look at
all the bullshit I maneuvered through
and if y'all don't like my music well
then fuck you you real recognize real
and fake recognise fake so when this
shit get real how much can a fake up
take none promise you all you ain't the
one you talking that shit wasn't you Joe
self and I here's a lot of them okay
pass my body and a lot of the phonies
ever the taxes that Aurora but man this
feel-good zoo I'm trying to chill we're
all friends but they're like rain
that I thought were friends off a coon
now I keep my small and in your matter
your lane you all's olena picking the
game I just Mangano she giving me
Braithwaite while the fuck y'all make
your whack rap I make egg around in
poetry and only scream witty horn
attract so they know it's me it's been
looking at this freshman girl like you a
ho to be I probably shouldn't think so
cold we all been cold to me my old girls
that can't seem to stop talking about me
my new girls are telling me that they
get without me oh stop through your keep
you see the next guy you meet your lover
like me shoes off for Molly's achieve
just minus the key I got no time for
y'all hoes I pay no mind to retreat to
attack you all a bunch of real pussies
guess that makes me a sec y'all I wanna
have some face
no you ain't my girlfriend so I ain't
paying no check I'm coming straight for
the top I guess that makes me a wreck
hey y'all can have my old girl other
hoes is a mess takeyama testament to
real rap my heart watching spill that I
started here with nothing no a lotta
y'all go fill that baby shit right here
from the ground up y'all look at where
we will done I'll do this
me the crew and all the hay disobey me
the game and I flip the script you
hating on my music saying that my name
is lady shame about my because you
jealous you ain't nothing better you
look pathetic when you write all that
shit off grimmy you out your mind
imagine me when I raise my eyes man
killing the bean and killing the floor
I'll be in the Louisville you don't even
know when we take the rapture because
nigga never get along at all you just
hair Eric get it deep did you just hit
me blessed God